== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.


== nginx
Docroot is: /usr/local/var/www

The default port has been set in /usr/local/etc/nginx/nginx.conf to 8080 so that
nginx can run without sudo.

To have launchd start nginx at login:
    ln -sfv /usr/local/opt/nginx/*.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents
Then to load nginx now:
    launchctl load ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.nginx.plist
Or, if you don't want/need launchctl, you can just run:
    nginx
		
		
		
		Nginx with Passenger support was successfully installed.

		The Nginx configuration file (/usr/local/opt/nginx/conf/nginx.conf)
		must contain the correct configuration options in order for Phusion Passenger
		to function correctly.

		This installer has already modified the configuration file for you! The
		following configuration snippet was inserted:

		  http {
		      ...
		      passenger_root /Users/lifeng/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.0.0-p247/gems/passenger-4.0.23;
		      passenger_ruby /Users/lifeng/.rvm/wrappers/ruby-2.0.0-p247/ruby;
		      ...
		  }

		After you start Nginx, you are ready to deploy any number of Ruby on Rails
		applications on Nginx.

		Press ENTER to continue.

		--------------------------------------------

		Deploying a Ruby on Rails application: an example

		Suppose you have a Ruby on Rails application in /somewhere. Add a server block
		to your Nginx configuration file, set its root to /somewhere/public, and set
		'passenger_enabled on', like this:

		   server {
		      listen 80;
		      server_name www.yourhost.com;
		      root /somewhere/public;   # <--- be sure to point to 'public'!
		      passenger_enabled on;
		   }

		And that's it! You may also want to check the Users Guide for security and
		optimization tips and other useful information:

		  /Users/lifeng/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.0.0-p247/gems/passenger-4.0.23/doc/Users guide Nginx.html
		  http://www.modrails.com/documentation/Users%20guide%20Nginx.html

		Enjoy Phusion Passenger, a product of Phusion (www.phusion.nl) :-)
		https://www.phusionpassenger.com

		Phusion Passenger is a trademark of Hongli Lai & Ninh Bui.
		sumomomatoiMac:yplan lifeng$ rvmsudo -E /Users/lifeng/.rvm/wrappers/ruby-2.0.0-p247/ruby /Users/lifeng/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.0.0-p247/gems/passenger-4.0.23/bin/passenger-install-nginx-module